##Tradition Spelling
Modern English spelling developed from about 1350 onwards, when—after three centuries of Norman French rule—English gradually became the official language of England again, although very different from before 1066, having incorporated many words of French origin (battle, beef, button, etc.). Early writers of this new English, such as Chaucer, gave it a fairly consistent spelling system, but this was soon diluted by the Chancery clerks who re-spelt words based on French orthography. English spelling consistency was dealt a further blow when Caxton brought the printing press to London in 1476. Having lived on the Continent for the preceding 30 years, his grasp of the English spelling system had become uncertain. The Belgian assistants he brought with him to help him set up his business had an even poorer command of it. As printing developed, different printers began to develop individual preferences or "house styles".[2] Furthermore, type-setters were paid by the line and were fond of making words longer. However, the biggest undermining of English spelling consistency occurred between 1525, when William Tyndale first translated the New Testament, and 1539, when King Henry VIII legalized the printing of English bibles in England. The many editions of these bibles were all printed outside England by people who spoke little or no English. They often changed spellings to match their Dutch orthography. Examples include the silent h in ghost (to match Dutch gheest, which later became geest), aghast, ghastly and gherkin. The silent h in other words—such as ghospel, ghossip and ghizzard—was later remove

##Basic Mode
Modern English spelling developd from about 1350 onwards, wen—aftr thre centuris of Norman French rule—English gradually became th oficial language of England again, altho very difrnt from befor 1066, havng incorporated many words of French origin (battle, beef, button, etc.). Erly writers of this new English, such as Chaucer, gave it a fairly consistent spelling systm, but this was soon diluted by th Chancery clerks ho re-spelt words based on French orthography. English spelling consistency was dealt a furthr blow wen Caxton brot th printing press to London in 1476. Havng lived on th Continent for th preceding 30 years, his grasp of th English spelling systm had becom uncertain. Th Belgian assistants he brot with him to help him set up his busness had an even poorer command of it. As printing developd, difrnt printers began to develop individul preferences or "house styles".[2] Furthermore, typ-setters wer paid by th line and wer fond of making words longr. Howevr, th bigst undermining of English spelling consistency occurred between 1525, wen William Tyndale first translated th New Testament, and 1539, wen King Henry VIII legalized th printing of English bibles in England. Th many editions of these bibles wer al printed outside England by peple ho spoke litl or no English. They ofn chanjed spellings to match ther Dutch orthography. Examples include th silent h in ghost (to match Dutch gheest, wich later became geest), aghast, ghastly and gherkin. Th silent h in othr words—such as ghospel, ghossip and ghizzard—was later removed.

##Advanced Mode
Modrn English spelng developd from about 1350 onwards, wen—aftr thre centuris of Norman French rule—English graduly became th oficial languaj of England again, altho very difrnt from befor 1066, havng incorporated many words of French orijn (batl, beef, butn, etc.). Erly riters of this new English, such as Chaucer, gave it a fairly consistnt spelng systm, but this was soon diluted by th Chancery clerks ho re-spelt words based on French orthography. English spelng consistency was dealt a furthr blo wen Caxton brot th printng press to London in 1476. Havng lived on th Contnnt for th preceding 30 years, his grasp of th English spelng systm had becom uncertn. Th Belgian asistnts he brot with him to help him set up his busness had an even poorer comand of it. As printng developd, difrnt printers began to develop individul prefrnces or "house styls".[2] Furthrmor, typ-setters wer paid by th line and wer fond of making words longr. Howevr, th bigst undermining of English spelng consistency occurred between 1525, wen William Tyndale first translated th New Testament, and 1539, wen King Henry VIII legalized th printng of English bibles in England. Th many editions of these bibles wer al printed outside England by peple ho spoke litl or no English. They ofn chanjed spellings to mach ther Dutch orthography. Exampls include th silent h in gost (to mach Dutch gheest, wich later became geest), aghast, ghastly and gherkin. Th silent h in othr words—such as ghospel, ghossip and ghizzard—was later removed.